Add initial LB (#20)
ansible-content-lab/azure_ansible_deployment: README.md

aap_admin_password=example_aap_admin_password"
```

### Load Balancer (Application Gateway)

By default, no LB is created for the controller VMs. If the `infrastructure_create_controller_lb` is set to `True` on `roles/infrastructure/defaults` and the number of controller VMs is greater than one, the LB will be created. By default, the LB is created with a HTTPS listener that will need a PFX password-protected certificate to be provided. Details can be found on `roles/infrastructure/defaults`. If a LB is deployed and certificate is provided, a password needs to be specified while running the collection. For example:

```bash

> ansible-playbook lab.azure_deployment.deploy_infrastructure --extra-vars "aap_red_hat_username=$RED_HAT_ACCOUNT aap_red_hat_password=$RED_HAT_PASSWORD infrastructure_database_server_user=example_user infrastructure_database_server_password=example_password infrastructure_certificate_password=example_password"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, no LB is created for the controller VMs.
Set `infrastructure_create_controller_lb` to `true` to create the LB.
There needs to be more than one controller VM for the LB to be created as well.
By default, the LB is created with a HTTPS listener that will need a PFX password-protected certificate to be provided.
Set `infrastructure_cert_path` to the path of the certificate to use.
If an LB is deployed and a certificate is provided, a password needs to be specified while running the collection.

For example:

```bash
ansible-playbook lab.azure_deployment.deploy_infrastructure --extra-vars "aap_red_hat_username=$RED_HAT_ACCOUNT aap_red_hat_password=$RED_HAT_PASSWORD infrastructure_database_server_user=example_user infrastructure_database_server_password=example_password infrastructure_create_controller_lb=true infrastructure_cert_path=/path/to/cert infrastructure_certificate_password=example_password"
```

aap_admin_password=example_aap_admin_password"
```

### Load Balancer (Application Gateway)

By default, no LB is created for the controller VMs.
Set `infrastructure_create_controller_lb` to `true` to create the LB.
There needs to be more than one controller VM for the LB to be created as well.

By default, the LB is created with a HTTPS listener that will need a PFX password-protected certificate to be provided.
Set `infrastructure_cert_path` to the path of the certificate to use.
If an LB is deployed and a certificate is provided, a password needs to be specified while running the collection.

For example:

```bash
ansible-playbook lab.azure_deployment.deploy_infrastructure --extra-vars "aap_red_hat_username=$RED_HAT_ACCOUNT aap_red_hat_password=$RED_HAT_PASSWORD infrastructure_database_server_user=example_user infrastructure_database_server_password=example_password infrastructure_certificate_password=example_password"
```

Once all the infrastructure is deployed, the LB backend VM targets will look unhealthy because AAP is not yet installed and additional actions need to be performed on the LB itself.

> Once AAP has been installed, a self-signed certificate will be issued as part of the defualt installation. The CA used during the installation needs to be configured within the LB to validate the HTTPS/443 connectivity between the LB and the backend VMs.
> For that we'll need to grab the CA from the VM where we have initiated the AAP installation and grab the contents of `/etc/pki/ca-trust/source/anchors/ansible-automation-platform-managed-ca-cert.crt` and save that into a `.CER` file. Once we're done, we'll need to go to the `Application Gateway deployed > Backend settings > click on the existing backend settings > Click on 'No' on the "Backend server’s certificate is issued by a well-known CA"` and add the `.CER` file that we just saved. Once that is done, the Application Gateway address should be able to reach the AAP on the backend VMs.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once AAP has been installed, a self-signed certificate will be issued as part of the defualt installation.
The CA used during the installation needs to be configured within the LB to validate the HTTPS/443 connectivity between the LB and the backend VMs.
For that we'll need to grab the CA from the VM where we have initiated the AAP installation.
Copy the contents of `/etc/pki/ca-trust/source/anchors/ansible-automation-platform-managed-ca-cert.crt` and save that into a `.cer` file.
Then in the Azure portal, go to the Application Gateway > Backend settings > click on the existing backend settings > Click on 'No' on the `Backend server’s certificate is issued by a well-known CA`.
Click the `Add certificate` button and add the `.cer` file.
Once that is done, the Application Gateway address will be able to reach AAP on the backend VMs.
```
